# Project - Business Analytics

### The goal

The goal of this project is to explore dataset, carry out analysis of the data and make recommendations.

#### The Data

The data was spread across three files:
- `sessions.csv`: each row corresponds to a user's session in the app
    - `'Uid'`: Unique identifier of the user
    - `'Device'`: User's device type
    - `'Start Ts'`: Session start date and time
    - `'End Ts'`: Session end date and time
    - `'Source Id'`: Identifier of the ad source the user came from
- `orders.csv`: each row corresponds to a user's order
    - `'Uid'`: Unique identifier of the user making the order
    - `'Buy Ts'`: Order date and time
    - `'Revenue'`: Yandex.Afisha's revenue from the order
- `costs.csv`: each row corresponds to daily marketing expenses for an ad source
    - `'source_id'`: Identifier of the ad source
    - `'dt'`: Date of the expense
    - `'costs'`: Marketing expenses for this ad source on the specified day


#### Process and Results

To achieve the goal, I:

- Preprocessed the data by identifying and filling in missing values, as well as identifying and removing duplicate entries.
- Analyzed the following metrics:
    - How many people used the app daily, weekly, and monthly.
    - The number of sessions per day.
    - The length of each session.
    - The user retention rate.
    - When users started making purchases.
    - How many orders they made during a given period of time.
    - The average purchase size.
    - The total revenue generated by users (LTV).
    - The amount of money spent overall, per source, and over time.
    - The cost of customer acquisition from each source.
    - The profitability of the investments (ROI).
- Created plots and heatmaps to visualize patterns.
